bye
so what's going on guys welcome to my
tutorial Adobe After Effects CC this
video imma show you guys how to animate
some 3d text let me go to file import
i'm gonna select a background image
first then i go composition new
composition this project is 1280 by 720
that's ok select ok so i'm going to plug
the background image and lock that way
it for now now if you don't have this
option will be here for a 3d layer you
might see or you might not over here we
have plugin switches and modes you can
select that so you actually see this
option and next we're going to do is
select a text layer so we're going to
create some text over here we're just
going to space out this text a little
bit more so now that i have the text
over here i'm going to select this
option right here and this is a 3d layer
next we're going to select raytrace 3d
and then over here we can select options
right here i have a registration quality
of one the reason why we have it like
this is so it's a lot easier faster
they're working in After Effects the
higher the quality the more resources
this software is going to use for this
feature so I'm just gonna leave it at
one select ok and then select ok again
we're going to hit the drop-down menu
over here and we see geometry once we
see the geometry options we're going to
select bevel now we're here I'm going to
select a bevel depth of 15 and I have
the extrusion depth at 20 now you can
select different options whatever way
you know you want to create your text
it's really up to you so then we're
going to do is add some lights and
camera the first thing we do is go layer
new and we're just select light and once
you add a spotlight tensity says 15 here
but let's add 50 select ok you can move
the light around if you want to then
when you go to layer new and select
light again this time we're going to
select point let's make this one 25 then
when you go to layer new and then slick
light again and this time we're just
like ambient and we can make this one 15
now the lighting is just applied so you
have different lights hitting the text
because it's a 3d layer net next what
we're going to do is apply camera where
I'm going to go to layer new and then
select camera
so you have options here to select
different ones I'm going to select a 15
millimeter camera select ok and then
what we can do is select see and we can
move around the text and that's looking
pretty good that looks like a 3d layer
and if you hit see again you can do
different things like spin around I'm
gonna hit see again you can move the
text hit see again and you can zoom in
so that's a good shortcut if you're
working with a camera angle so next
we're going to do is make this
background layer three day I'm going to
unlock the layer right click on it and
select environment layer so now what we
can do is select this camera layer and
then what happens is that when we press
C and then spin this around you can see
all of the background and it looks like
you know the text is spinning around and
the background is 3d now rather than
just a flat image and this is pretty
cool stuff and after effects and then if
we want to add some animation to this
it's pretty easy right here on the
drop-down layer of the camera we can
change the orientation so i can select
one keyframe over here and then all i
have to do is adjust this and it's going
to add another keyframe and then when i
scrub the timeline it moves the camera
and then next i'm also going to change
the position so i have one keyframe from
there and let's see what that looks like
so let's do this let's select window and
then select effects and presets select
animation presets and then we're in
select text and we have a 3d text option
even though here a lot of different
things that you can do and let's remove
the animation that we just did by you
know manually doing it select delete and
I'm going to select one over here called
let's see over here this one says 3d
basic rotate X cascade so I'm going to
press spacebar to see what this looks
like that's pretty cool though because
it is a preset next I'm going to do is
remove that control Z control Z let's
select ring downwards and colors
so that's pretty much it i hope you guys
enjoyed this tutorial and After Effects
CC if you like this video give a thumbs
up and I'll see you guys in the next
tutorial